---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pulsar_function Resource - terraform-provider-pulsar"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pulsar_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the function.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the function.
- `tenant` (String) The tenant of the function.

### Optional

- `auto_ack` (Boolean) Whether to automatically acknowledge messages processed by the function.
- `classname` (String) The class name of the function.
- `cleanup_subscription` (Boolean) Whether to clean up subscription when the function is deleted.
- `cpu` (Number) The CPU that needs to be allocated per function instance
- `custom_runtime_options` (String) The custom runtime options of the function.
- `custom_schema_inputs` (Map of String) The custom schema inputs of the function.
- `custom_schema_outputs` (Map of String) The custom schema outputs of the function.
- `custom_serde_inputs` (Map of String) The custom serde inputs of the function.
- `dead_letter_topic` (String) The dead letter topic of the function.
- `disk_mb` (Number) The disk that need to be allocated per function instance
- `forward_source_message_property` (Boolean) Whether to forward source message property to the function output message.
- `go` (String) The path to the go file.
- `input_type_classname` (String) The input type class name of the function.
- `inputs` (Set of String) The input topics of the function.
- `jar` (String) The path to the jar file.
- `log_topic` (String) The log topic of the function.
- `max_message_retries` (Number) The maximum number of times that a message will be retried when the function is configured with `EFFECTIVELY_ONCE` processing guarantees.
- `output` (String) The output topic of the function.
- `output_schema_type` (String) The output schema type of the function.
- `output_serde_classname` (String) The output serde class name of the function.
- `output_type_classname` (String) The output type class name of the function.
- `parallelism` (Number) The parallelism of the function.
- `processing_guarantees` (String) The processing guarantees (aka delivery semantics) applied to the function. Possible values are `ATMOST_ONCE`, `ATLEAST_ONCE`, and `EFFECTIVELY_ONCE`.
- `py` (String) The path to the python file.
- `ram_mb` (Number) The RAM that need to be allocated per function instance
- `retain_key_ordering` (Boolean) Whether to retain key ordering when the function is restarted after failure.
- `retain_ordering` (Boolean) Whether to retain ordering when the function is restarted after failure.
- `secrets` (String) The secrets of the function.
- `skip_to_latest` (Boolean) Whether to skip to the latest position when the function is restarted after failure.
- `subscription_name` (String) The subscription name of the function.
- `subscription_position` (String) The subscription position of the function. Possible values are `LATEST`, `EARLIEST`, and `CUSTOM`.
- `timeout_ms` (Number) The timeout of the function in milliseconds.
- `topics_pattern` (String) The input topics pattern of the function. The pattern is a regex expression. The function consumes from all topics matching the pattern.
- `user_config` (Map of String) User-defined config key/values

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


